#Yeugrivia's Past
  * A once flourishing and desirable environment for a myriad of races to intermingle became a land of disillusionment and division when the midday sky darkened and the Sun's Eye open. The event persisted for moments before the eye closed and the sky's complexity cleared Q. Following this day, creatures of little intellect began to act unusual. There are numerous recorded accounts of once domesticated creatures refusing commands, running away, and even attacker their handler. From coast to coast it appeared that aggression could be riled more easily in Yeugrivia's inhabitants making commerce difficult and prosperity near non-existent. Furthermore, there was marked increase in missing persons and those who succumbed to death's grasp without explanation.

  * According to Yeugrivia's most reputable accounts the Sun's Waking's effects continued for 400 moons. On the 401st day, the sky darkened again. The same familiar aura of uncertainty, disdain, with hints of murderous intent flooded the continent. At midday, the Sun's Eye opened once more for just a moment and a beam of black-red haze shot into Yeugrivia's hearth. The fog that covered the sky followed in suit and the sky returned to its blue without a cloud to be seen anywhere within its vast expanse. It's said that for the first minute after the sky cleared not a single sound could be heard throughout the entire continent, and in the next a monstrous boom sounded and a wave of heat washed over all of Yeugrivia. After the heat wave, much of what Yeugrivia once knew before the eye opening returned. There were less people that went missing, and unexplained deaths. Seemingly all domesticated animals returned to their previous docile habits of obey and grazing. The status quo had returned except for the infrequent bursts of heat that would emanate outwards from the hearth.  

  * In the ensuing years, the people of Yeugrivia became skeptical of what lies beyond the mountain range that houses the continent the Sun's Tear. Rulers and people of sufficient wealth would send parties of warriors and magicians to learn of the hearth's secret. Few would return alive. Even fewer would return whole. And even lesser would return sane. Those who could speak of the atrocities in the hearth never said much. Something each adventurer shared was a warning against sending other souls there. Like clockwork, after the issuance of a warning the adventurer would perish (No one who has been to the hearth and returned has survived more than a day).

  * Those who returned insane displayed many of the behaviors of those seen during the days of Yeugrivia's Baptism. Although the returner's behaviors were far more unhinged and violent and often resulted in them being killed. A few records have indicated that a killed returner expels an aura, explodes, or screams like a banshee effecting those surrounding, but these reports have come from less than lesser domains and thus carry no weight.

#Yeugrivia's Present
  * At start of this adventure marks the 379th year since Yeugrivia's Baptism. The hearth has been all but abandoned. No one dares to near its mountain's base except for those brave, stupid, and or strong enough to face up to its challenges. The surrounding area was said to once be fertile land teeming with life and exuberance. That same area is now only home to despair and suffering. The creatures in this area have an aggressive disposition and are frequent participates in cannibalism. Maps of the area have been recorded by olden day cartographers, but its current topography is unknown.

  * Trade is still a frequent occurrence amongst the different regions and domains, but skepticism aroused by beliefs about the Baptism and proximity to the hearth's tainted lands has erected barriers between hubs.

  * Despite the slow creep of the tainted land outwards Yeugrivia remains relatively peaceful. Travelers from other lands face little conflict while moving between the south east and eastern regions. Danger for outsiders in prevalent in the northern, south western, and western regions.

  * In addition to the dangers present in those regions, there are mutter of an shadowed individual that inspires fear in all they interact with. Their whereabouts are unknown and they hardly remain in any place for too long. Where they are trouble is never far behind.

  * A haunting characteristic of the shadowed individual is that despite instilling fear those they interact are left with a horrifying grin.

#Yeugrivia's Future
  * Unknown. It is up to you and your party.
